fix-5915 Update influxdb3 serve options (#5916)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb3/core/reference/cli/influxdb3/serve.md

```bash
influxdb3 serve [OPTIONS] --node-id <HOST_IDENTIFIER_PREFIX>
```

> `--node-id` is a unique string that identifies your InfluxDB server instance

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```

`--node-id` is a unique string that identifies your InfluxDB server instance
~~~

## Options

| Option           |                                                      | Description                                                                                                               |
| :--------------- | :--------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| {{< req "\*" >}} | `--node-id`                                          | _See [configuration options](/influxdb3/core/reference/config-options/#node-id)_                                          |
|                  | `--object-store`                                     | _See [configuration options](/influxdb3/core/reference/config-options/#object-store)_                                     |
|                  | `--bucket`                                           | _See [configuration options](/influxdb3/core/reference/config-options/#bucket)_                                           |

> |                  | `--data-dir`                                         | _See [configuration options](/influxdb3/core/reference/config-options/#data-dir)_                                         |

Reviewer: Should `--object-store` and `--data-dir` also include the required asterisk?

Author: `object-store` defaults to `memory` (slated to change to `file`, I think, but anyway...) so maybe I should just note the default in the usage list. `data-dir` is only required if using `file`.

You can use environment variables to define most `influxdb3 serve` options.
For more information, see
[Configuration options](/influxdb3/enterprise/reference/config-options/).

> ## Key Requirements
> 
> - **node-id**: Must be unique for any hosts sharing the same object store configuration
> - **object-store**: Determines where time series data is stored
> - **data-dir**: Specifies the path for local file storage, required with `--object-store file`

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this should be moved up to where you added the information about `node-id` just after the usage code block and replace that sentence.

```suggestion
## Required options

- **node-id**: A unique string that identifies your {{< product-name >}} server instance. Must be unique for any hosts sharing the same object store configuration.
- **object-store**: Determines where time series data is stored.
- **data-dir**: Specifies the path for local file storage, required with `--object-store file`.
```
